yo yo yo what's going on guys poopy here
with the car guys this is our second
time meeting Chandler what a fuck we
keep on doing this because do haha
you're hilarious hilarious because I'm
good ok so October fourth we just fight
the new band list and you played burning
abyss yeah and you finish what second
place second foot and you went on record
I was undefeated to around eight time
lost by one and it was a it was a good
match i alive to give it he get you got
me on my road you got it everything else
yeah I was X 1 X 1 second points let's
get into this eggless all right it's
pretty standard 3 tour guide it's kind
of like how jeff says but some of the
things I don't agree with I mean through
my feet each a standard standard the
three of these three of each I mean if
you don't play that you're terrible 03
the only difference i don't i do is i
play a triple effect veiler cool huh I
look Baylor because it's just good right
now gets everything cuz like just
stopping effects like yeah that's like
in the mirror match Stella an item a lot
yeah to Dragon I do like that I do agree
with Jeff on this i bought this card and
then instead of making the rises I
played to chaos sorcerer and then the
one BLS subconsciously councils and
that's all and now for the traps no
spells it's built these illness about my
spells Oh kind of tracks 31 bus at
staples Dave in this neck and limbs play
33 traps and trev sons get high I
decided one out a lot because I mean
like it's good but I mean inches over so
yeah
may I see when I don't really need it to
my crush the scars really good I don't
you don't huh yeah I don't say i but i
only played once at all at night so it
doesn't really matter but once at oh and
I just kept up with my crush on the
chador player oh yeah they should all
play was pretty funny I i opted to make
my opponent like I look I killed his
window with my BLS and I'm like you know
what to grab my fusion and he goes oh
yeah you guys fusion that just go my
crush his fusion their dick I am it's
like oh wait you pls also a microsite uh
3-car my card is dumb this car thing
awesome my card is fucking calm oh sorry
love you too hey uh yeah it's good card
standard double break through skill I
love his guard it's still good goodness
stick Colin we going out I'll get and
then I put a pretty stable trap anyone
remember one morning more composed the
one you play bottomless ok sign next row
let's get into it
sander three Dante 33 downer customer we
put it right here yeah 3 guys I've you
know it's all rise you good uh and then
probably one of my favorite cars just
holy kid couple nightmare charge and
guard dogs funny i played through I
never made I never made the second one
but it was still just there for safety
security i wish i had a second one today
it's so good did you have a seminar
consider coming 14 terabyte know what
every day my pleasure triage levia maybe
oh yeah like my favorite blade did with
him was when i played battery man round
one and I'd like he had a whole board
I'm fine crushed earlier I knew yet
honest so i made this that mate had to
go and they detaches the target i have
to go in effect right liquor game
bullshit head judge everybody what's a
good fuck anything yeah well
giga-brilliant is all right any it's
good as ma is that good too that's
pretty ok it's very pretty good pretty
good georgia to it was nice all right
stop it is that's true and grind this
shitty car ok what about this side deck
inside it
give me a swift mug from the side let's
see what you got who changes period okay
well pretty much it's just chit-chatted
spacers you know changes period save
usual stuff like chain I mean it's good
for burning this I mean if you play
spell books I guess yeah really good a
three-stage need urge that first that's
a card yeah this car is amazing and like
I'm cited this in like against the tell
was I decided it for the mirror dude
tell a nice hello you can't pronounce
worthy asshole yeah Asia shut up Meg
breakthrough breakthroughs good her
birthday was really good yeah sure shot
almost stuff oh and the spells I play
for triple-a misty oh shit yes fuck off
they're there for like the emptiness is
and stuff and everything so yeah
aliceville Waikiki well I only decided
to side like this card because it's not
getting it's like a mirror and like shit
all is because they eat + off of it what
I think but it's amazing he's like so
tell Sotelo nights and all other kind of
rogue and then for the monsters I play
it was
uh two Rises because it's good i mean
i'm still made I still love this car
like it's so great a good shit all's and
stuff but i have worked perfectly inside
and then to Vani sweets I only really
cited a min against was rowdy and I was
when I this way I think it said so but
you would've lost he's salty dog it was
okay I mean Sicily manual screams can't
be JD I didn't someone tell you the time
I had 41 groupons attaches to last one
and then the last card is a Mobius can't
back down bubbies is very good like I
owe card is retarded this card is
freaking one of the best partners here
tiger so it's about everything proud of
you thanks buddy I am we have to do this
more often like every will try to top
for you ok just for my sake cuz hi guys
it's goofy again oh wait wait whoa whoa
wait wait Thank if you notice with my
burning abyss tech in the traps there's
a trap mix if that it did not rise you
know that was an easy oh yeah you and
play fucking babies yeah okay fuck you
yeah you know you're done I'm done
you're done okay I'm just kidding you're
not done okay st. I just you didn't pull
anything I didn't play base you might
like that current I mean I like the card
alive you couldn't get it but if I got
in my problem ya see what I didn't yeah
you got fucking Dante so you don't have
an exam just get out there long yeah
what would you have taken out all the I
wouldn't cut
elderly I was only main deck I was only
ok Carly cut a bailar and then cut a
cause chaos or sir smoka that's what's
up well congratulations again and
whatnot you're the best I know this is
foofy again with the car guys and we'll
see you later